Docs: flame graph visualization refactor (#103748)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/visualizations/flame-graph/index.md

{{< figure src="/media/docs/grafana/panels-visualizations/screenshot-flamegraph-status-v11.6.png" max-width="730px" alt="A flame graph visualization's status bar.">}}

## Top table mode

The top table shows the functions from the profile in table format. The table has three columns: symbols, self, and total. The table is sorted by self time by default, but can be reordered by total time or symbol name by clicking the column headers. Each row represents aggregated values for the given function if the function appears in multiple places in the profile.

{{< figure src="/media/docs/grafana/panels-visualizations/screenshot-flamegraph-toptable-v12.0.png" max-width="700px" alt="Table view">}}

There are also action buttons on the left-most side of each row. The first button searches for the function name while second button shows the sandwich view of the function.

## Toolbar

The following table lists the features of the toolbar:

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

| Option | Description |
| ------ | ----------- |

> | [Search](#search) | Use the search field to find functions with a particular name. All the functions in the flame graph that match the search will remain colored while the rest of the functions are grayed-out. |

Author: ```suggestion
| [Search](#search) | Use the search field to find functions with a particular name. All the functions in the flame graph that match the search will remain colored while the rest of the functions appear in gray. |
```

> | Reset | Reset the flame graph back to its original state from a focus block or sandhich view. The reset icon is only displayed when the flame graph is in one of those two states. |

Author: ```suggestion
| Reset | Reset the flame graph back to its original state from a focus block or sandwich view. The reset icon is only displayed when the flame graph is in one of those two states. |
```
